update change log to add UserAgentFilter (#421)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/secure-tunnels/ngrok-agent/reference/changelog.md

# ngrok Agent Changelog

### ngrok Agent 3.3.5 - \[2023-09-26\]

> - Added new UserAgentFilter module that gives access to HTTP endpoints based on incoming user agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the [User Agent Filter module](https://ngrok.com/docs/cloud-edge/modules/user-agent-filter/) that allows or denies traffic to HTTPS endpoints based on incoming user agents.
```
